let's take a look at how a car moves
turns and stops ignition on each part as
it is explained in order to get the car
to move you have to first depress the
clutch pedal before putting the shift
lever into gear you then depress the
accelerator to increase the engine speed
as you graduate
take the foot off the clutch the wheels
now begin to turn
notice how the power from the engine
traveled through the clutch transmission
driveshaft differential rear axle is
fondly - the wheels okay let's increase
the speed of it moving the shift lever
changes the gear ratio in the
transmission causing the speed to
increase
no excessive speed has increased
let's take a look at how a car turns by
turning the steering wheel to the right
the pinion gear and steering linkage
work to move the front wheels to the
right which results in the vehicle
itself turning points
now let's turn up
look closely at the rear wheels can you
see that the outer wheel opposite the
direction of the turn actually spins
faster that's because the unlit wheel
has to travel a greater distance than
the internal this action is controlled
by the differential gears
pottery let's stop the car
Fantasia users off the accelerator and
onto the brake pedal the drum brakes
from the inside the wheels work to slow
the city of the wheels
notice that the car has now come to a
stop many different interconnected
mechanisms allow cars to not turn and
stop for more in-depth explanation
please take a look at each individual
organism